actions_on_button_press/README.md, before:

# Actions On Button Press

This script shows how you can execute functions and change dvars for a player when that player presses a certain button while showing him instructions on his screen using the key defined in his game.

* The first button  lets the player toggle the `camera_thirdPerson` dvar (used to play in third person while keeping the crosshair on and is also better/more configurable than `cg_thirdPerson` in my opinion)
Note that `camera_thirdPerson` is a special case and needs to be changed with `SetDynamicDvar()` but in most cases like with `cg_thirdPerson` you'd use `SetDvar()` instead.

* The second button lets the player suicide using the `Suicide()` function.

If you use `+melee` and the player's melee key is set to V it'll show V on his screen, if he uses another key it'll show his key.  
If you want to use another button simply change `level.third_person_button` and/or `level.suicide_button` values and it will update the button pressed to start the function and the text displayed on the player's screen.

I used actionslot 6 and 7 because (to my knowledge) they are not used by anything else in the game  
Here is a non-exhaustive list of buttons you can use
```
"+usereload"
"weapnext"
"+gostand"
"+melee"
"+actionslot 1"
"+actionslot 2"
"+actionslot 3"
"+actionslot 4"
"+actionslot 5"
"+actionslot 6"
"+actionslot 7"
"+frag"
"+smoke"
"+attack"
"+speed_throw"
"+stance"
"+breathe_sprint"
```

Commit message:

actions_on_button_press 1.1
- Splitted the old script into 2 different scripts
- Fixed camera_thirdPerson changing for all players when a player presses the button by turning it into a vote instead

actions_on_button_press/README.md, after:

# Actions On Button Press

These scripts allow players on the server to press a button (displayed on screen) to trigger a function
Note that if you combine several scripts you will have to change the texts positions so that they don't overlap by changing the last value in `setPoint()`  
You can also change the text's position in `setPoint()` and the size and font type in `createServerFontString()`  

Changing the button in `Init()` will change both the button displayed on screen and the button used to trigger the function.  
Here is a non-exhaustive list of buttons you can use  
```
"+usereload"
"weapnext"
"+gostand"
"+melee"
"+actionslot 1"
"+actionslot 2"
"+actionslot 3"
"+actionslot 4"
"+actionslot 5"
"+actionslot 6"
"+actionslot 7"
"+frag"
"+smoke"
"+attack"
"+speed_throw"
"+stance"
"+breathe_sprint"
```

## suicide_on_button_press.gsc

The player dies when pressing the button

## camera_switch_vote_on_button_press.gsc

Allows the players to toggle their vote to change the `camera_thirdPerson` dvar on the server (players vote no by default)  
When everyone votes yes the server changes the dvar and resets the vote counts.  
Bots are ignored for the votes.
